Implement an example workflow for ML tips document (#136)
treasure-data/workflow-examples: machine-learning/ml_tips/README.md

# ML tips workflow

This workflow aims to explain common ML techniques using Hivemall and Treasure Workflow.

Using [titanic data](https://github.com/amueller/scipy-2017-sklearn/blob/master/notebooks/datasets/titanic3.csv), this workflow explains the following basic techniques.

- Random/stratified splitting for train and test data
- Feature normalization
- Missing value imputation

## Input

This workflow assumes a table as follows:

|pclass<br/>`int`|survived<br/>`int`|name<br/>`string`|sex<br/>`string`|age<br/>`int`|sibsp<br/>`int`|parch<br/>`int`|ticket<br/>`string`|fare<br/>`double`|cabin<br/>`string`|embarked<br/>`string`|boat<br/>`string`|body<br/>`int`|home.dest<br/>`string`|
|---------|------|---------|--------|-------|-------|-------|--------|-------|-------|-----------|--------|---------|-------|
|1|1|"Allen, Miss. Elisabeth Walton"|female|29|0|0|24160|211.3375|B5|S|2||"St Louis, MO"|
|1|1|"Allison, Master. Hudson Trevor"|male|0.9167|1|2|113781|151.5500|C22 C26|S|11||"Montreal, PQ / Chesterville, ON"|
|1|0|"Allison, Miss. Helen Loraine"|female|2|1|2|113781|151.5500|C22 C26|S|||"Montreal, PQ / Chesterville, ON"|
|...|...|...|...|...|...|...|...|...|...|...|...|...|...|

> Here is a description of each column.

Author: In this context, we'd better to use "a" instead of "the" since this is not the only description. ref:  https://forum.wordreference.com/threads/here-is-a-the-description-of.2978732/

    pclass          Passenger Class
                    (1 = 1st; 2 = 2nd; 3 = 3rd)
    survival        Survival
                    (0 = No; 1 = Yes)
    name            Name
    sex             Sex
    age             Age
    sibsp           Number of Siblings/Spouses Aboard
    parch           Number of Parents/Children Aboard
    ticket          Ticket Number
    fare            Passenger Fare
    cabin           Cabin
    embarked        Port of Embarkation
                    (C = Cherbourg; Q = Queenstown; S = Southampton)
    boat            Lifeboat
    body            Body Identification Number
    home.dest       Home/Destination

> In this workflow, you will predict the `survival` column as a binary classification problem.

Author: that's more precise. fixed 8cfd54b9d1ce0dca2694442bf80b521bab219a1f

> In this workflow, you will predict the `survival` column as a binary classification problem.

Reviewer: ```
predict the provability of survival using logistic regression, taking a binary label survival as a response variable.
```

would be more precise that users can know behind the scenes.

> In this workflow, you will predict the `survival` column as a binary classification problem.

Author: I didn't intend to restrict this workflow to only for logistic regression since I'm trying to add RandomForest example, currently, I couldn't figure out to add it though. 

How about fixing like this? 

```suggestion
In this workflow, you will predict the probability of `survival`, taking a binary label survival as a response variable.
```

> In this workflow, you will predict the `survival` column as a binary classification problem.

Reviewer: For RandomForest, it's hard to share the preprocessing process because most of feature engineering is not required in RF.

> In this workflow, you will predict the `survival` column as a binary classification problem.

Author: Out of curiosity, as far as I know, Random Forest doesn't need to normalize values or to impute missing values, but it should work with the same preprocessing as Logistic Regression. Is there any downside or Hivemall specific restriction on it?

> In this workflow, you will predict the `survival` column as a binary classification problem.

Author: I confirmed Random Forest with standardization, scaling with zscore, doesn't work appropreately. It'd be helpful if there is some assumption which I missed.

> In this workflow, you will predict the `survival` column as a binary classification problem.

Author: Fixed the description again, without mentioning LogisticRegression though. 0915eb9

# ML tips workflow

This workflow aims to explain common ML techniques using Hivemall and Treasure Workflow.

Using [titanic data](https://github.com/amueller/scipy-2017-sklearn/blob/master/notebooks/datasets/titanic3.csv), this workflow explains the following basic techniques.

- Random/stratified splitting for train and test data
- Feature normalization
- Missing value imputation

## Input

> This workflow assume a table as follows:

Reviewer 2: s/assume/assumes/

Author: nice catch :)

Author: Fixed c2379ec

|1|0|"Allison, Miss. Helen Loraine"|female|2|1|2|113781|151.5500|C22 C26|S|||"Montreal, PQ / Chesterville, ON"|
|...|...|...|...|...|...|...|...|...|...|...|...|...|...|

Here is a description of each column.

    pclass          Passenger Class
                    (1 = 1st; 2 = 2nd; 3 = 3rd)
    survival        Survival
                    (0 = No; 1 = Yes)
    name            Name
    sex             Sex
    age             Age
    sibsp           Number of Siblings/Spouses Aboard
    parch           Number of Parents/Children Aboard
    ticket          Ticket Number
    fare            Passenger Fare
    cabin           Cabin
    embarked        Port of Embarkation
                    (C = Cherbourg; Q = Queenstown; S = Southampton)
    boat            Lifeboat
    body            Body Identification Number
    home.dest       Home/Destination

In this workflow, you will predict the `survival` column as a binary classification problem.

## Workflow

```sh
$ ./data.sh # Upload sample dataset to Treasure Data
$ td wf push ml_tips
$ td wf start ml_tips titanic --session now
```

- [titanic.dig](titanic.dig) - TD workflow script for linear regression

> - [titanic_pipeline.yml](titanic_pipeline.yml) - Source file of dig file and queries for [molehill](https://github.com/chezou/molehill)

Reviewer 2: I personally believe unofficial, third-party dependency shouldn't be preferred because TD customers and internal support team will be confused. Why don't you delete the line and YAML file until `molehill` becomes GA?

Reviewer: better to kept in `[WIP] PR` until molehill released a stable release.

Author: OK, will delete YAML file description  until molehill becomes GA. I think this PR itself is an ordinal workflow, so we can discuss on it.

Author: Removed both description and YAML file c2379ec 491e070
